---
layout: post
title:  "Running Mile by Mile: Reflections on a Year-Long Resolution"
date:   2022-07-29
categories: running
---
578 days and 780 miles.

At the start of 2021, I made a simple yet resolute commitment to myself: run one mile every day, without fail. No matter where I found myself – be it in California, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Florida, or even amidst a road trip – I ensured that I laced up my running shoes and hit the pavement.

Limiting my distance to just a mile was a precautionary measure to prevent any potential recurrence of plantar fasciitis. However, this seemingly modest goal brought about a newfound appreciation for the ever-changing weather and seasons. It provided me with a constant excuse and motivation to step outside and stay true to my resolution.

On December 31st, I headed to the SLV track to complete my final mile. It was there, that I bumped into a high school track coach I hadn't seen in years. We exchanged stories, and he shared his own battle with plantar fasciitis during his attempt to run a mile every day for a thousand days. A thousand? Could I really make December 31st my last day?

Realistically, no. My personal record of completing a mile in 7:30 was an exhilarating anomaly, fueled by an adrenaline rush as I raced past a group of senior citizens who had gathered at the track for their own running pursuits. Admittedly, these days, I'm closer in age to those seniors than to my teenage years.

In a moment of enthusiasm, I sprinted one early morning to join a group photo, my mind outrunning my legs. Unfortunately, I pulled my hamstring in the process. But I'm stubborn and kept running for months longer. Running is a mental sport and it took some therapy to admit trying to get to a 1000 days could have long ranging consequences. Time to take a break.